and the grapes and welcome to another one
widget and how they saw it in the title
how to accommodate the cars in our
garage ok is something that many of were
living in what I was doing the
past updates and apparently
rockstar already paid attention to us and we can
accommodate the cars as we are given the
gift won 'what we then go to
proceed and the first thing we will have to
to do is to be in the part of our
garage and enter any of our
garages and go to the bottom ok
here you will see a blue circle ok in this
part what we will do will be so simple
how to hit the right button here and
here as they saw it, a
very comfortable little eyelash which we
will indicate which cars are going
to move because you may have
repeated cars that we assume
I want to move the blazer to two places
so the only thing I have to do is
just select it and I have to
select in a new address here
team see it already moved it now
let's grab do not know is that environment and
we're going to put it where the blazer was
previously then we selected
this space and how they see we can move
the cars at our whim, this is not
something pretty good
Now I want this where we had the other
no to the other surroundings I want them to stick
Well, this is right here and the other one
blazer that I want it right in the entrance
Well, it's as simple as putting it
here not then as they see it I already have
the cars arranged to my liking and this
It serves is quite more than anything for the
people who do not look also carry
bikes is something that surprised me
as you can see here we can also
move the bicycles I do not know if
you want the bike in any
bank of these was simply what
changes although in the case of equal
because I have accommodated bicycles
a lolo knows all the bicycles are
the same so it's not worth na but keith and
here this one to see that I have it right here
I have it coming here to be
something more comfortable in removing it at the time of
drive because this is the only thing I do
that then this is a simple trick
a simple curiosity that I wanted them
teach because the laureate is very useful
of the game day after day not then I
I think it's a pretty trick
simple that can help them a lot and
here is my golden painting totally
modified by me and here is the
original you tell me in the comments
Which do you like more
It's simple but I just wanted them
teach that not since a lot of people are
question did not come but how can I
recommend you link that this is a
simple way not and apart is very good
because we can save ourselves well with
tonces but you liked the video of
today olvin give him like favorites
subscribe to the channel if they are not
subscribed in the description is xerez mi
twitter to follow me and also them
leave in a link so they can
get a free xbox one and
playstation 4 free or anything from
you are free ok to any country are or
region or place where you still live
that's because he likes two and navas that
say goodbye goodbye